{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Verdana;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang9\b\f0\fs24 Question 1\par
\b0 Given:\par
33. try \{\par
34. // some code here\par
\i 35. \i0\} catch (NullPointerException e1) \{\par
36. System.out.print(\rdblquote a\rdblquote );\par
37. \} catch (RuntimeException e2) \{\par
38. System.out.print(\rdblquote b\rdblquote );\par
39. \} finally \{\par
40. System.out.print(\rdblquote c\rdblquote );\par
41. \}\par
What is the result if a NullPointerException occurs on line 34?\par
A. c\par
B. a\par
C. ab\par
D. ac\par
E. bc\par
F. abc\par
\b\par
Question 2\par
\b0 Given:\par
11.classA \{\par
12. public void process() \i\{ \i0 System.out.print(\rdblquote A,\rdblquote ); \i\} \}\par
\i0 13. class B extends A \i\{\par
\i0 14. public void process() throws IOException \i\{\par
\i0 15. super.process();\par
16. System.out.print(\rdblquote B,\rdblquote );\par
17. throw new IOException();\par
18. \} \}\par
19. public static void main(String[] args) \i\{\par
\i0 20. try \i\{ \i0 new B().process(); \i\}\par
\i0 21. catch (IOException e) \i\{ \i0 System.out.println(\rdblquote Exception\rdblquote ); \i\} \}\par
\i0 What is the result?\par
A. Exception\par
B. A,B,Exception\par
C. Compilation fails because of an error in line 20.\par
D. Compilation fails because of an error in line 14.\par
E. A NullPointerException is thrown at runtime.\par
\b\par
Question 3\par
\b0 Given:\par
11.classA \i\{\par
\i0 12. public void process() \i\{ \i0 System.out.print(\rdblquote A \ldblquote ); \i\} \}\par
\i0 13. class B extends A \i\{\par
\i0 14. public void process() throws RuntimeException \i\{\par
\i0 15. super.process();\par
16. if (true) throw new RuntimeException();\par
17. System.out.print(\ldblquote B\rdblquote ); \i\}\}\par
\i0 18. public static void main(String[] args) \i\{\par
\i0 19. try \i\{ \i0 ((A)new B()).process(); \i\}\par
\i0 20. catch (Exception e) \i\{ \i0 System.out.print(\rdblquote Exception \ldblquote ); \i\}\par
\i0 21. \i\}\par
\i0 What is the result?\par
A. Exception\par
B. A Exception\par
C. A Exception B\par
D. A B Exception\par
E. Compilation fails because of an error in line 14.\par
F. Compilation fails because of an error in line 19.\par
\b\par
Question 4\par
\b0 Given:\par
11. static classA \i\{\par
\i0 12. void process() throws Exception \i\{ \i0 throw new Exception(); \i\}\par
\i0 13. \i\}\par
\i0 14. static class B extends A \i\{\par
\i0 15. void process() \i\{ \i0 System.out.println(\rdblquote B \ldblquote ); \i\}\par
\i0 16. \i\}\par
\i0 17. public static void main(String[] args) \i\{\par
\i0 18.A a=new B();\par
19. a.process();\par
20.\}\par
What is the result?\par
A. B\par
B. The code runs with no output.\par
C. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
D. Compilation fails because of an error in line 15.\par
E. Compilation fails because of an error in line 18.\par
F. Compilation fails because of an error in line 19.\par
\b\par
Question 5\par
\b0 Given:\par
11. static class A \{\par
12. void process() throws Exception \{ throw new Exception(); \}\par
13. \}\par
14. static class B extends A \{\par
15. void process() \{ System.out.println(\rdblquote B\rdblquote ); \}\par
16. \}\par
17. public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
18. new B().process();\par
19. \}\par
What is the result?\par
A. B\par
B. The code runs with no output.\par
C. Compilation fails because of an error in line 12.\par
D. Compilation fails because of an error in line 15.\par
E. Compilation fails because of an error in line 18.\par
\b\par
Question 6\par
\b0 Given:\par
84. try \{\par
85. ResourceConnection con = resourceFactory.getConnection();\par
86. Results r = con.query(\rdblquote GET INFO FROM CUSTOMER\rdblquote );\par
87. info = r.getData();\par
88. con.close();\par
89. \} catch (ResourceException re) \{\par
90. errorLog.write(re.getMessage());\par
91. \}\par
92. return info;\par
Which is true if a ResourceException is thrown on line 86?\par
A. Line 92 will not execute.\par
B. The connection will not be retrieved in line 85.\par
C. The resource connection will not be closed on line 88.\par
D. The enclosing method will throw an exception to its caller.\par
\b\par
Question 7\par
\b0 Click the Exhibit button.\par
1. public class A \{\par
2. public void method1() \{\par
3. B b=new B();\par
4. b.method2();\par
5. // more code here\par
6. \}\par
7. \}\par
1. public class B \{\par
2. public void method2() \{\par
3.C c=new C();\par
4. c.method3();\par
5. \i // \i0 more code here\par
6. \}\par
\i 7. \i0\}\par
1. public class C \{\par
2. public void method3() \{\par
3. // more code here\par
4. \}\par
\i 5. \i0\}\par
Given:\par
\i 25. \i0 try \{\par
26. A a=new A();\par
27. a.method1();\par
28. \} catch (Exception e) \{\par
29. System.out.print(\rdblquote an error occurred\rdblquote );\par
30. \}\par
Which two are true if a NullPointerException is thrown on line 3 of\par
class C? (Choose two.)\par
A. The application will crash.\par
B. The code on line 29 will be executed.\par
C. The code on line 5 of class A will execute.\par
D. The code on line 5 of class B will execute.\par
E. The exception will be propagated back to line 27.\par
\b\par
Question 8\par
\b0 Click the Exhibit button.\par
1. public class A \{\par
2. public void method1() \{\par
3. try \{\par
4. B b=new B();\par
\i 5. \i0 b.method2();\par
6. // more code here\par
7. \} catch (TestException te) \{\par
8. throw new RuntimeException(te);\par
9. \}\par
6. \}\par
7. \}\par
1. public class B \{\par
2. public void method2() throws TestException \{\par
3. // more code here\par
4. \}\par
\i 5. \i0\}\par
1. public class TestException extends Exception \{\par
2. \}\par
Given:\par
31. public void method() \{\par
32. A a=new A();\par
33. a.method1();\par
34. \}\par
Which is true if a TestException is thrown on line 3 of class B?\par
A. Line 33 must be called within a try block.\par
B. The exception thrown by method1 in class A is not required to be\par
caught.\par
C. The method declared on line 31 must be declared to throw a\par
RuntimeException.\par
D. On line \i 5 \i0 of class A, the call to method2 of class B does not need to\par
be placed in a try/catch block.\par
\b\par
Question 9\par
\b0 Given:\par
11. public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
12. try \{\par
13. args=null;\par
14. args[0] = \ldblquote test\rdblquote ;\par
\i 15. \i0 System.out.println(args[0]);\par
16. \} catch (Exception ex) \{\par
17. System.out.println(\rdblquote Exception\rdblquote );\par
18. \} catch (NullPointerException npe) \{\par
19. System.out.println(\rdblquote NullPointerException\rdblquote );\par
20. \}\par
21. \}\par
What is the result?\par
A. test\par
B. Exception\par
C. Compilation fails.\par
D. NullPointerException\par
\b\par
Question 10\par
\b0 Given:\par
11. static void test() throws Error \{\par
12. if (true) throw new AssertionError();\par
13. System.out.print(\rdblquote test \ldblquote );\par
14. \}\par
\i 15. \i0 public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
16. try \{ test(); \}\par
17. catch (Exception ex) \{ System.out.print(\rdblquote exception \ldblquote ); \}\par
18. System.out.print(\rdblquote elld \ldblquote );\par
19. \}\par
What is the result?\par
A. end\par
B. Compilation fails.\par
C. exception end\par
D. exception test end\par
E. A Throwable is thrown by main.\par
F. An Exception is thrown by main.\par
\b\par
Question 11\par
\b0 Given:\par
11. static void test() \{\par
12. try \{\par
13. String x=null;\par
14. System.out.print(x.toString() +\ldblquote  \ldblquote );\par
\i 15. \i0\}\par
16. finally \{ System.out.print(\ldblquote finally \ldblquote ); \}\par
17. \}\par
18. public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
19. try \{ test(); \}\par
20. catch (Exception ex) \{ System.out.print(\rdblquote exception \ldblquote ); \}\par
21. \}\par
What is the result?\par
A. null\par
B. finally\par
C. null finally\par
D. Compilation fails.\par
E. finally exception\par
\b\par
Question 12\par
\b0 Given:\par
11. static void test() throws RuntimeException \{\par
12. try \{\par
13. System.out.print(\rdblquote test \ldblquote );\par
14. throw new RuntimeException();\par
\i 15. \i0\}\par
16. catch (Exception ex) \{ System.out.print(\rdblquote exception \ldblquote ); \}\par
17. \}\par
18. public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
19. try \{ test(); \}\par
20. catch (RuntimeException ex) \{ System.out.print(\rdblquote runtime \ldblquote ); \}\par
21. System.out.print(\rdblquote end \ldblquote );\par
22. \}\par
What is the result?\par
A. test end\par
B. Compilation fails.\par
C. test runtime end\par
D. test exception end\par
E. A Throwable is thrown by main at runtime.\par
\b\par
Question 13\par
\b0 Given a method that must ensue that its parameter is not null:\par
11. public void someMethod(Object value) \{\par
12. // check for null value\par
....\par
20. System.out.println(value.getClass());\par
21. \}\par
What, inserted at line 12, is the appropriate way to handle a null\par
value?\par
A. assert value == null;\par
B. assert value !null, \ldblquote value is null\rdblquote ;\par
C. if (value == null) \{\par
throw new AssertionException(\rdblquote value is null\rdblquote );\par
D. if (value == null) \{\par
throw new IllegalArgumentException(\rdblquote value is null\rdblquote );\par
\b\par
Question 14\par
\b0 Click the Exhibit button.\par
10. public class ClassA \{\par
11. public void methodA() \{\par
12. ClassB classB = new ClassB();\par
13. classB.getValue();\par
14. \}\par
\i 15. \i0\}\par
And:\par
20. class ClassB \{\par
21. public ClassC classC;\par
22.\par
23. public String getValue() \{\par
24. return classC.getValue();\par
\i 25. \i0\}\par
26. \}\par
And:\par
30. class ClassC \{\par
31. public String value;\par
32.\par
33. public String getValue() \{\par
34. value = \ldblquote ClassB\rdblquote ;\par
\i 35. \i0 return value;\par
36. \}\par
37. \}\par
Given:\par
ClassA a = new ClassA();\par
a.methodA();\par
What is the result?\par
A. Compilation fails.\par
B. ClassC is displayed.\par
C. The code runs with no output.\par
D. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
\b\par
Question15\par
\b0 Given:\par
10. public class Foo \{\par
11. static int[] a;\par
12. static \{ a[0]=2; \}\par
13. public static void main( String[] args) \{\}\par
14. \}\par
Which exception or error will be thrown when a programmer attempts\par
to run this code?\par
A. java.lang. StackOverflowError\par
B. java.lang.IllegalStateException\par
C. java.lang.ExceptionlnlnitializerError\par
D. java.lang.ArraylndexOutOfBoundsException\par
\b\par
Question 16\par
\b0 Given:\par
10. public class ClassA \{\par
11. public void count(int i) \{\par
12. count(++i);\par
13. \}\par
14. \}\par
And:\par
20. ClassA a = new ClassA();\par
21. a.count(3);\par
Which exception or error should be thrown by the virtual machine?\par
A. StackOverflowError\par
B. NullPointerException\par
C. NumberFormatException\par
D. IllegalArgumentException\par
E. ExceptionlnlnitializerError\par
\b\par
Question 17\par
\b0 Given:\par
1. public class Boxer1 \{\par
2. Integer i;\par
3. int x;\par
4. public Boxer1(int y) \{\par
5. x=i+y;\par
6. System.out.println(x);\par
7. \}\par
8. public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
9. new Boxer1(new Integer(4));\par
10. \}\par
11. \}\par
What is the result?\par
A. The value \ldblquote 4\rdblquote  is printed at the command line.\par
B. Compilation fails because of an error in line \i 5.\par
\i0 C. Compilation fails because of an error in line 9.\par
D. A NullPointerException occurs at runtime.\par
E. A NumberFormatException occurs at runtime.\par
F. An IllegalStateException occurs at runtime.\par
\b\par
Question 18\par
\b0 Given:\par
1. public class TestString 1 \{\par
2. public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
3. String str = \ldblquote 420\rdblquote ;\par
\i 4. \i0 str += 42;\par
\i 5. \i0 System.out.print(str);\par
6. \}\par
7. \}\par
What is the output?\par
A. 42\par
B. 420\par
C. 462\par
D. 42042\par
E. Compilation fails.\par
F. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
\b\par
Question 19\par
\b0 Given:\par
11. class Converter \{\par
12. public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
13. Integer i = args[0];\par
14. int j = 12;\par
15. System.out.println(\rdblquote It is \ldblquote  + (j==i) + \ldblquote that j==i.\rdblquote );\par
16. \}\par
17. \}\par
What is the result when the programmer attempts to compile the code\par
and run it with the command java Converter 12?\par
A. It is true that j==i.\par
B. It is false that j==i.\par
C. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
D. Compilation fails because of an error in line 13.\par
\b\par
Question 20\par
\b0 Given this method in a class:\par
21. public String toString() \{\par
22. StringBuffer buffer = new StringBuffer();\par
23. buffer.append(\rquote <\rquote );\par
24. buffer.append(this.name);\par
\i 25. \i0 buffer.append(\rquote >\rquote );\par
26. return buffer.toString();\par
27. \}\par
Which is true?\par
A. This code is NOT thread-safe.\par
B. The programmer can replace StringBuffer with StringBuilder with no\par
other changes.\par
C. This code will perform well and converting the code to use\par
StringBuilder will not enhance the performance.\par
D. This code will perform poorly. For better performance, the code\par
should be rewritten: return \ldblquote <\ldblquote + this.name + \ldblquote >\rdblquote ;\par
\b\par
Question 21\par
\b0 Given:\par
1. public class MyLogger \{\par
2. private StringBuilder logger = new StringBuuilder();\par
3. public void log(String message, String user) \{\par
4. logger.append(message);\par
\i 5. \i0 logger.append(user);\par
6. \}\par
7. \}\par
The programmer must guarantee that a single MyLogger object works\par
properly for a multi-threaded system. How must this code be changed\par
to be thread-safe?\par
A. synchronize the log method\par
B. replace StringBuilder with StringBuffer\par
C. No change is necessary, the current MyLogger code is already\par
thread-safe.\par
D. replace StringBuilder with just a String object and use the string\par
concatenation \i (+=) \i0 within the log method\par
\b\par
Question 23\par
\b0 Given:\par
11. public String makinStrings() \{\par
12. String s = \ldblquote Fred\rdblquote ;\par
13. s = s + \ldblquote 47\rdblquote ;\par
14. s = s.substring(2, 5);\par
15. s = s.toUpperCase();\par
16. return s.toString();\par
17. \}\par
How many String objects will be created when this method is invoked?\par
A. 1\par
B. 2\par
C. 3\par
D. 4\par
E. 5\par
F. 6\par
\b\par
Question 24\par
\b0 Given:\par
1. public class TestString3 \{\par
2. public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
3. // insert code here\par
5. System.out.println(s);\par
6. \}\par
7. \}\par
Which two code fragments, inserted independently at line 3, generate\par
the output 4247? (Choose two.)\par
A. String s = \ldblquote 123456789\rdblquote ;\par
s = (s-\rdblquote 123\rdblquote ).replace(1,3,\rdblquote 24\rdblquote ) - \ldblquote 89\rdblquote ;\par
B. StringBuffer s = new StringBuffer(\rdblquote 123456789\rdblquote );\par
s.delete(0,3).replace( 1,3, \ldblquote 24\rdblquote ).delete(4,6);\par
C. StringBuffer s = new StringBuffer(\rdblquote 123456789\rdblquote );\par
s.substring(3,6).delete( 1 ,3).insert( 1, \ldblquote 24\rdblquote );\par
D. StringBuilder s = new StringBuilder(\rdblquote 123456789\rdblquote );\par
s.substring(3,6).delete( 1 ,2).insert( 1, \ldblquote 24\rdblquote );\par
E. StringBuilder s = new StringBuilder(\rdblquote 123456789\rdblquote );\par
s.delete(0,3).delete( 1 ,3).delete(2,5).insert( 1, \ldblquote 24\rdblquote );\par
\b\par
Question 25\par
\b0 Given:\par
11. public class Yikes \{\par
12.\par
13. public static void go(Long n) \{System.out.println(\rdblquote Long \ldblquote );\}\par
14. public static void go(Short n) \{System.out.println(\rdblquote Short \ldblquote );\}\par
15. public static void go(int n) \{System.out.println(\rdblquote int \ldblquote );\}\par
16. public static void main(String [] args) \{\par
17. short y= 6;\par
18. long z= 7;\par
19. go(y);\par
20. go(z);\par
21. \}\par
22. \}\par
What is the result?\par
A. int Long\par
B. Short Long\par
C. Compilation fails.\par
D. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
\b\par
Question 26\par
\b0 Given:\par
12. public class Wow \{\par
13. public static void go(short n) \{System.out.println(\rdblquote short\rdblquote ); \}\par
14. public static void go(Short n) \{System.out.println(\rdblquote SHORT\rdblquote );\}\par
\i 15. \i0 public static void go(Long n) \{System.out.println(\rdblquote  LONG\rdblquote ); \}\par
16. public static void main(String [] args) \{\par
17. Short y= 6;\par
18.int z=7;\par
19. go(y);\par
20. go(z);\par
21. \}\par
22. \}\par
What is the result?\par
A. short LONG\par
B. SHORT LONG\par
C. Compilation fails.\par
D. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
\b\par
Question 27\par
\b0 Given:\par
10. class MakeFile \{\par
11. public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
12. try \{\par
13. File directory = new File(\rdblquote d\rdblquote );\par
14. File file = new File(directory,\rdblquote f\rdblquote );\par
\i 15. \i0 if(!file.exists()) \{\par
16. file.createNewFile();\par
17. \}\par
18. \} catch (IOException e) \{\par
19. e.printStackTrace\par
20. \}\par
21. \}\par
22. \}\par
The current directory does NOT contain a directory named \ldblquote d.\rdblquote\par
Which three are true? (Choose three.)\par
A. Line 16 is never executed.\par
B. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
C. Line 13 creates a File object named \ldblquote d.\rdblquote\par
D. Line 14 creates a File object named \ldblquote f.\rquote\par
E. Line 13 creates a directory named \ldblquote d\rdblquote  in the file system.\par
F. Line 16 creates a directory named \ldblquote d\rdblquote  and a file \lquote f\rquote  within it in the\par
file system.\par
G. Line 14 creates a file named \lquote f\rquote  inside of the directory named \ldblquote d\rdblquote  in\par
the file system.\par
\b\par
Question 28\par
\b0 When comparing java.io.BufferedWriter to java.io.FileWriter, which\par
capability exists as a method in only one of the two?\par
A. closing the stream\par
B. flushing the stream\par
C. writing to the stream\par
D. marking a location in the stream\par
E. writing a line separator to the stream\par
\b\par
Question 29\par
\b0 Given:\par
12. import java.io.*;\par
13. public class Forest implements Serializable \{\par
14. private Tree tree = new Tree();\par
\i 15. \i0 public static void main(String [] args) \{\par
16. Forest f= new Forest();\par
17. try \{\par
18. FileOutputStream fs = new FileOutputStream(\rdblquote Forest.ser\rdblquote );\par
19. ObjectOutputStream os = new ObjectOutputStream(fs);\par
20. os.writeObject(f); os.close();\par
21. \} catch (Exception ex) \{ ex.printStackTrace(); \}\par
22. \} \}\par
23.\par
24. class Tree \{ \}\par
What is the result?\par
A. Compilation fails.\par
B. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
C. An instance of Forest is serialized.\par
D. A instance of Forest and an instance of Tree are both serialized.\par
\b\par
Question 30\par
\b0 Click the Exhibit button.\par
1. import java.io.*;\par
2. public class Foo implements Serializable \{\par
3. public int x, y;\par
4. public Foo( int x, int y) \{ this.x = x; this.y = y; \}\par
\i 5.\par
\i0 6. private void writeObject( ObjectOutputStream s)\par
7. throws IOException \{\par
8. s.writeInt(x); s.writeInt(y)\par
9. \}\par
10.\par
11. private void readObject( ObjectInputStream s)\par
12. throws IOException, ClassNotFoundException \{\par
13.\par
14. // insert code here\par
\i 15.\par
\i0 16. \}\par
17. \}\par
Which code, inserted at line 14, will allow this class to correctly\par
serialize and deserialize?\par
A. s.defaultReadObject();\par
B. this = s.defaultReadObject();\par
C. y = s.readInt(); x = s.readInt();\par
D. x = s.readInt(); y = s.readInt();\par
\b\par
Question 31\par
\b0 Which three concerning the use of the java.io.Serializable interface are\par
true? (Choose three.)\par
A. Objects from classes that use aggregation cannot be serialized.\par
B. Art object serialized on one JVM can be successfully deserialized on\par
a different JVM.\par
C. The values in fields with the volatile modifier will NOT survive\par
serialization and deserialization.\par
D. The values in fields with the transient modifier will NOT survive\par
serialization and deserialization.\par
E. It is legal to serialize an object of a type that has a supertype that\par
does NOT implement java.io.Serializable.\par
\b\par
Question 32\par
\b0 Assuming that the serializeBanana() and the deserializeBanana()\par
methods will correctly use Java serialization and given:\par
13. import java.io.*;\par
14. class Food implemertts Serializable \{int good = 3;\}\par
\i 15. \i0 class Fruit externds Food \{int juice = \i 5;\}\par
\i0 16. public class Banana extends Fruit \{\par
17. int yellow = 4;\par
18. public static void main(String [] args) \{\par
19. Banana b = new Banana(); Banana b2 = new Banana();\par
20. b.serializeBanana(b); // assume correct serialization\par
21. b2 = b.deserializeBanana(); // assume correct\par
22. System.out.println(\rdblquote restore \ldblquote +b2.yellow+ b2.juice+b2.good);\par
24. \}\par
25. // more Banana methods go here\par
\i 50. \i0\}\par
\lquote What is the result?\par
A. restore 400\par
B. restore 403\par
C. restore 453\par
D. Compilation fails.\par
E. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
\b\par
Question 33\par
\b0 Assuming that the serializeBanana2() and the deserializeBanana2()\par
methods will correctly use Java serialization and given:\par
13. import java.io.*;\par
14. class Food \{Food() \{ System.out.print(\rdblquote 1\rdblquote ); \} \}\par
\i 15. \i0 class Fruit extends Food implements Serializable \{\par
16. Fruit() \{ System.out.print(\rdblquote 2\rdblquote ); \} \}\par
17. public class Banana2 extends Fruit \{ int size = 42;\par
18. public static void main(String [] args) \{\par
19. Banana2 b = new Banana2();\par
20. b.serializeBanana2(b); // assume correct serialization\par
21. b = b.deserializeBanana2(b); // assume correct\par
22. System.out.println(\rdblquote  restored \ldblquote + b.size + \ldblquote  \ldblquote ); \}\par
23. // more Banana2 methods\par
24. \}\par
What is the result?\par
A. Compilation fails.\par
B. 1 restored 42\par
C. 12 restored 42\par
D. 121 restored 42\par
E. 1212 restored 42\par
F. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
\b\par
Question 34\par
\b0 Given:\par
10. public class Foo implements java.io.Serializable \{\par
11. private int x;\par
12. public int getX() \{ return x; \}\par
12.publicFoo(int x)\{this.x=x; \}\par
13. private void writeObject( ObjectOutputStream s)\par
14. throws IOException \{\par
\i 15. \i0 // insert code here\par
16. \}\par
17. \}\par
Which code fragment, inserted at line \i 15, \i0 will allow Foo objects to be\par
correctly serialized and deserialized?\par
A. s.writeInt(x);\par
B. s.serialize(x);\par
C. s.writeObject(x);\par
D. s.defaultWriteObject();\par
\b\par
Question 35\par
\b0 Given:\par
12. NumberFormat nf= NumberFormat.getInstance();\par
13. nf.setMaximumFractionDigits(4);\par
14. nf.setMinimumFractionDigits(2);\par
\i 15. \i0 String a = nf.format(3.1415926);\par
16. String b = nf.format(2);\par
Which two are true about the result if the default locale is Locale.US?\par
(Choose two.)\par
A. The value of b is 2.\par
B. The value of a is 3.14.\par
C. The value of b is 2.00.\par
D. The value of a is 3.141.\par
E. The value of a is \i 3.1415.\par
\i0 F. The value of a is 3.1416.\par
G. The value of b is 2.0000.\par
\b\par
Question 36\par
\b0 Given:\par
11. double input = \i 314159.26;\par
\i0 12. NumberFormat nf= NumberFormat.getInstance(Locale.ITALIAN);\par
13. String b;\par
14. //insert code here\par
Which code, inserted at line 14, sets the value of b to 3 \i 14.159,26?\par
\i0 A. b = nf.parse( input);\par
B. b = nf.format( input);\par
C. b = nf.equals( input);\par
D. b = nf.parseObject( input);\par
\b\par
Question 37\par
\b0 Given:\par
14. DateFormat df;\par
\i 15. \i0 Date date = new Date();\par
16. //insert code here\par
17. String s = df.format( date);\par
Which two, inserted independently at line 16, allow the code to\par
compile? (Choose two.)\par
A. df= new DateFormat();\par
B. df= Date.getFormatter();\par
C. df= date.getFormatter();\par
D. df= date.getDateFormatter();\par
E. df= Date.getDateFormatter();\par
F. df= DateFormat.getInstance();\par
G. df = DateFormat.getDateInstance();\par
\b\par
Question 38\par
\b0 Given:\par
12. Date date = new Date();\par
13. df.setLocale(Locale.ITALY);\par
14. String s = df.format(date);\par
The variable df is an object of type DateFormat that has been\par
initialized in line 11. What is the result if this code is run on December\par
14, 2000?\par
A. The value of s is 14-dic-2004.\par
B. The value of s is Dec 14, 2000.\par
C. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
D. Compilation fails because of an error in line 13.\par
\b\par
Question 39\par
\b0 Given:\par
33. Date d = new Date(0);\par
34. String ds = \ldblquote December \i 15, \i0 2004\rdblquote ;\par
\i 35. \i0 // insert code here\par
36. try \{\par
37. d = df.parse(ds);\par
38. \}\par
39. catch(ParseException e) \{\par
40. System.out.println(\rdblquote Unable to parse \ldblquote + ds);\par
41. \}\par
42. // insert code here too\par
Which will create the appropriate DateFormat object and add a day to\par
the Date object?\par
A. \i 35. \i0 DateFormat df= DateFormat.getDateFormat();\par
42. d.setTime( (60 * 60 * 24) + d.getTime());\par
B. 35. DateFormat df= DateFormat.getDateJnstance();\par
42. d.setTime( (1000 * 60 * 60 * 24) + d.getTime());\par
C. \i 35. \i0 DateFormat df= DateFormat.getDateFormat();\par
42. d.setLocalTime( (1000*60*60*24) + d.getLocalTime());\par
D. \i 35. \i0 DateFormat df= DateFormat.getDateJnstance();\par
42. d.setLocalTime( (60 * 60 * 24) + d.getLocalTime());\par
\b\par
Question 40\par
\b0 Given a valid DateFormat object named df, and\par
16. Date d = new Date(0L);\par
17. String ds = \ldblquote December \i 15, \i0 2004\rdblquote ;\par
18. // insert code here\par
What updates d\rquote s value with the date represented by ds?\par
A. 18. d = df.parse(ds);\par
B. 18. d = df.getDate(ds);\par
C. 18. try \{\par
19. d = df.parse(ds);\par
20. \} catch(ParseException e) \{ \};\par
D. 18. try \{\par
19. d = df.getDate(ds);\par
20. \} catch(ParseException e) \{ \};\par
\b\par
Question 41\par
\b0 Given:\par
11. String test = \ldblquote This is a test\rdblquote ;\par
12. String[] tokens = test.split(\rdblquote\\s\rdblquote );\par
13. System.out.println(tokens.length);\par
What is the result?\par
A. 0\par
B. 1\par
C. 4\par
D. Compilation fails.\par
E. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
\b\par
Question42\par
\b0 Given:\par
11. String test= \ldblquote a1b2c3\rdblquote ;\par
12. String[] tokens = test.split(\rdblquote\\\\d\rdblquote );\par
13. for(String s: tokens) System.out.print(s +\ldblquote  \ldblquote );\par
What is the result?\par
A. a b c\par
B. 1 2 3\par
C. a1b2c3\par
D. a1 b2 c3\par
E. Compilation fails.\par
F. The code runs with no output.\par
G. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
\b\par
Question 43\par
\b0 Given:\par
11. String test = \ldblquote Test A. Test B. Test C.\rdblquote ;\par
12. // insert code here\par
13. String[] result = test.split(regex);\par
Which regular expression inserted at line 12 will correctly split test into\par
\ldblquote Test A,\rdblquote  \ldblquote Test B,\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Test C\rdblquote ?\par
A. String regex = \ldblquote\rdblquote ;\par
B. String regex = \ldblquote  \ldblquote ;\par
C. String regex = \ldblquote .*\ldblquote .\par
D. String regex = \ldblquote{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\\\\\\\s"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\\\\s}}}\f0\fs24\rdblquote\par
E. String regex = \ldblquote{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\\\\\\\.\\\\\\\\s*"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\\\\.\\\\s*}}}\f0\fs24\rdblquote ;\par
F. String regex = \ldblquote{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\\\\\\\w"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\\\\w}}}\f0\fs24 [ \\.] +\ldblquote ;\par
\b\par
Question 44\par
\b0 Given:\par
12. System.out.format(\rdblquote Pi is approximately %d.\rdblquote , Math.PI);\par
What is the result?\par
A. Compilation fails.\par
B. Pi is approximately 3.\par
C. Pi is approximately \i 3.141593.\par
\i0 D. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
\b\par
Question 45\par
\b0 Given:\par
12. String csv = \i\ldblquote Sue,5,true,3\rdblquote ;\par
\i0 13. Scanner scanner = new Scanner( csv);\par
14. scanner.useDelimiter(\rdblquote ,\rdblquote );\par
15. int age = scanner.nextInt();\par
What is the result?\par
A. Compilation fails.\par
B. After line 15, the value of age is 5.\par
C. After line 15, the value of age is 3.\par
D. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
\b\par
Question 46\par
\b0 Which two code fragments will execute the method doStuff() in a\par
separate thread? (Choose two.)\par
A. new Thread() \{\par
public void run() \{ doStuff(); \}\par
\}\par
B. new Thread() \{\par
public void start() \{ doStuff(); \}\par
\}\par
C. new Thread() \{\par
public void start() \{ doStuff(); \}\par
\} .run();\par
D. new Thread() \{\par
public void run() \{ doStuff(); \}\par
\} .start();\par
E. new Thread(new Runnable() \{\par
public void run() \{ doStuff(); \}\par
\} ).run();\par
F. new Thread(new Runnable() \{\par
public void run() \{ doStuff(); \}\par
\}).start();\par
\b\par
Question 47\par
\b0 Given:\par
1. public class Threads3 implements Runnable \{\par
2. public void run() \{\par
3. System.out.print(\rdblquote running\rdblquote );\par
4. \}\par
5. public static void main(String[] args) \{\par
\i 6. \i0 Thread t = new Thread(new Threads3());\par
7. t.run();\par
8. t.run();\par
\i 9. \i0 t.start();\par
10. \}\par
11. \}\par
What is the result?\par
A. Compilation fails.\par
B. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
C. The code executes and prints \ldblquote running\rdblquote .\par
D. The code executes and prints \ldblquote runningrunning\rdblquote .\par
E. The code executes and prints \ldblquote runningrunningrunning\rdblquote .\par
\b\par
Question 48\par
\b0 Given:\par
1. public class Threads4 \{\par
2. public static void main (String[] args) \{\par
3. new Threads4().go();\par
4. \}\par
\i 5. \i0 public void go() \{\par
6. Runnable r = new Runnable() \{\par
7. public void run() \{\par
8. System.out.print(\rdblquote foo\rdblquote );\par
9. \}\par
10. \};\par
11. Thread t = new Thread(r);\par
12. t.start();\par
13. t.start();\par
14. \}\par
\i 15. \i0\}\par
What is the result?\par
A. Compilation fails.\par
B. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
C. The code executes normally and prints \lquote foo\rdblquote .\par
D. The code executes normally, but nothing is printed.\par
\b\par
Question 49\par
\b0 Given:\par
1. public class Threads5 \{\par
2. public static void main (String[] args) \{\par
3. new Thread(new Runnable() \{\par
4. public void run() \{\par
\i 5. \i0 System.out.print(\rdblquote bar\rdblquote );\par
6. \}\}).start();\par
7. \}\par
8. \}\par
What is the result?\par
A. Compilation fails.\par
B. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
C. The code executes normally and prints \ldblquote bar\rdblquote .\par
D. The code executes normally, but nothing prints.\par
\b\par
Question 50\par
\b0 Given:\par
11. Runnable r = new Runnable() \{\par
12. public void run() \{\par
13. System.out.print(\rdblquote Cat\rdblquote );\par
14. \}\par
\i 15. \};\par
\i0 16. Threadt=new Thread(r) \{\par
17. public void run() \{\par
18. System.out.print(\rdblquote Dog\rdblquote );\par
19. \}\par
20. \};\par
21. t.start();\par
What is the result?\par
A. Cat\par
B. Dog\par
C. Compilation fails.\par
D. The code runs with no output.\par
E. An exception is thrown at runtime.\par
\b\par
}
 